All right, my friends, let's open up that common module.
We're going to make the two updates we just discussed.
Well, first start off inside of our base listener.
So inside the base listener class, I'm going to find the private client property and I'm going to change
it to a protected.
I'm also going to go over to the publisher.
So you're a space publisher.
This thing also gets a client.
And inside there, we had marked the client as private.
We don't have to.
We don't have to change this private thing over to protect it.
But there might be a scenario at some point in time in the future where maybe we want to get access
to the client inside of a subclass of publisher.
So not not important, not required right now, but it's entirely possible that we might want to use
this at some point time in the future.
So just thinking forward, I'm also going to change this thing to protected as well.
Okay.
So that's those two changes.
So now we're going to go over to our ticket updated event and make sure that it says that there's going
to be an order ID attached to this thing as well.
So here's my ticket updated event file.
I'm going to add in order ID.
I'm going to make it as optional because it is possible that we are going to update a ticket and that
it will not have a defined order ID.
So I'll put in an order ID and that's going to be a string.
Now a quick question here.
Should we add in the order ID property to ticket created?
Well, when we first create a ticket, it is definitely not going to be initially assigned to an order
whatsoever.
And that's just something that cannot happen and is very unlikely to happen inside of our application.
So me personally, I would not add in in order ID property to the ticket created event because the order
ID, even if we provide it would always be set to null or undefined.
But that's just me, you might say.
Hey, I want to make sure that all my events look really consistent as much as possible.
So if you wanted to.
Sure, go ahead.
Add in order ID to the ticket, create an event.
But again, for me, not a requirement.
Okay.
So we made our changes to the common module.
Now, as usual, we're going to commit those changes, publish them, and then update the version of
the common module used inside of our tickets service.
Back at my terminal.
I'll change into the Amen module and do that end PM run pub.
And after a second or two.
We should be published.
I'll then go back over to my ticket service.
I'll do an NPM update or my common module.
Naturally the name of your module is going to be slightly different.
Bolt looks good.
And then while we are doing updates, I'm also going to update the version used inside the order module
as well.
Now when we update this version, it might result in us seeing an error or two when we go back over
to the order service.
But I think it's just easier for us to update all of our services simultaneously while we're doing this
update.
So really quickly, I'm also going to go over to orders and do an update of that common module as well.
Okay.
Very good.
Now back inside of my order created listener.
We finally get to enjoy the fruits of all the changes we just made.
So, first off, inside of here, we do not need the import for that wrapper at the top, so I'll delete
that.
Then down here, when we create the publisher, rather than reaching out to some other file or other
class, we should be able to just access the client property on our listener itself.
So I should be able to write in this client and have everything work.
Now, if you write in this client and you get an error, chances are TypeScript is still taking a look
at the old version of your common module.
So if you see an error right there, the first thing to do is to either restart your editor or if you're
using Visual Studio code, remember you can hit a mand shift p search for reload window.
Run that that's going to reboot the TypeScript type checker.
And now hopefully that error is going to go away.
If you still see an error, then there's probably something else going on.
You'll want to take a look at the error and figure out what's happening.
Okay.
So that's it.
We've now got our publisher being initialized inside of here.
We're passing through the client that the listener is using.
Awesome.
Now, above all, this is actually a really good example of how we can have a listener that publishes
its own events.
It's pretty much the formula for it.
We're just going to import the publisher into the listener.
An instance of the publisher, provide the client and then publish an event.
Simple enough.
It's not the last thing we're going to do.
We've created our publisher.
Now it's time to actually publish our events.
So we'll chain on a publish at the very end.
And then we'll publish information about the ticket that we had just saved.
So if we forget, we can always mouse over and we will be told about all the different properties we
have to provide.
So ID version, title, blah, blah, blah, all that stuff.
So we'll just throw it all in.
Now just, you know, we could probably just solve this by throwing in the entire ticket.
But I think there might be one or two properties that are not quite similarly named here.
I think order ID is not quite lining up.
All I mean to say here is that we in many places throughout this course, we could have just thrown
in an entire bottle to publish functions and whatnot.
But you'll notice that I have not really been doing that, instead have been listing out all the different
properties one by one.
I personally like to list out all the properties just to make sure that I'm kind of using or picking
everything appropriately off of the model.
Just a quick side note.
Okay.
So for the ID, we'll get our ticket ID.
Price.
Ticket price.
Or title?
Ticket title.
What else is there?
We need our user ID.
Order ID.
And I think that is about a version.
Yep.
Version.
There we go.
Okay.
So that looks good.
We're now publishing our event.
And one other thing I want to mention here.
You'll recall that in the past we discussed that if we do not put the awake keyword right here, we're
kind of assuming that the entire published action is just going to go through successfully.
So we might want to make sure we put on the weight right here because that's going to make sure that
if anything goes wrong with the publish, then we're going to throw an error on this line of code and
never go down to.
So that would probably be desirable in this case.
Okay.
So let's save this.
That's pretty much it.
We'll take a quick pause right here and then hopefully do some kind of manual test or something similar
in the next video.